dashing through the snow
on a one-horse open sleigh
over the fields we go
laughing all the way
bells on bob-tail ring
making spirits bright
what fun it is to ride and sing
a sleighing song tonight
jingle bells, jingle bells
jingle all the way
oh what fun it is to ride
in a one-horse open sleigh
jingle bells,jingle bells
jingle all the way
oh what fun it is to ride
in a one horse open sleigh
in a one horse open sleigh
jingle bells, jingle bells
jingle all the way
oh what fun it is to ride
in a one-horse open sleigh
jingle bells,jingle bells
jingle all the way
oh what fun it is to ride
in a one horse open sleigh
in a one horse open sleigh
 

